Add support for access token and cleanup other configs (#55)
signalfx/splunk-otel-go: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

- Add support for setting the [Splunk's organization access token](https://docs.splunk.com/observability/admin/authentication-tokens/org-tokens.html)

>   using the `SPLUNK_ACCESS_TOKEN` environmental variable or `contrib.WithEndpoint` option.
>   It allows exporters sending data directly to the Splunk back-end.
>   To do so, the `OTEL_EXPORTER_JAEGER_ENDPOINT` or `contrib.WithEndpoint` must be set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  using the `SPLUNK_ACCESS_TOKEN` environmental variable or `distro.WithAccessToken` option.
  It allows exporters sending data directly to the Splunk back-end.
  To do so, the `OTEL_EXPORTER_JAEGER_ENDPOINT` or `distro.WithEndpoint` must be set
```

right?

Author: yup 👍

  with Splunk back-end ingest endpoint URL: `https://ingest.<REALM>.signalfx.com/v2/trace`.

### Changed

- The default Jaeger exporter URL is now loaded by
  [`go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/trace/jaeger`](https://pkg.go.dev/go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/trace/jaeger)
  module.

> - Applying `contrib.WithEndpoint("")` results in a no operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Applying `distro.WithEndpoint("")` results in no operation.
```
